all right everyone I've had some
requests on what to feed aquatic turtles
so this is going to be a very
straightforward and simple video and I'm
going to show some of the things I feed
I don't have everything shown here but
this is some of the staples I feed first
off
turtles will live just fine on a
standard turtle food here we have just a
zoo Med aquatic turtle food and this
type of food honestly um they will live
on that their whole life just fine that
being said you don't really want to just
give one food it kind of be like if you
ate the same thing every day
you know you might kind of get bored of
it obviously they will eat it and they
will survive on it but there's many
other things you should give you know
sporadically or sparingly every couple
days give them something else you could
feed all types of insects I go ahead and
buy these bulk bags of freeze-dried
mealworms lots of my pets eat these very
easy to just grab a few and throw them
in the tank and other than mealworms you
can feed live mealworms you can feed
super worms earthworms all types of
worms Cousy worms pretty much any type
of insect out there crickets any type of
insect out there that is sold in pet
stores for for reptiles and such to eat
you can feed those you can feed fish but
I suggest fish are sparingly because
they are pretty fatty but you can feed
rosy reds goldfish from time-to-time
Guppies throw those on the tank from
time to time there's all types of other
things here I have some krill which it
actually shows fish on here but the
turtles love this as well this I feed to
my saltwater tank and my Turtles there's
also lots of canned things you can get
snails slugs these are shrimp you can
get crickets grasshoppers all types of
things can and find those at the pet
store as well and also make sure to use
some vitamin C with d3 a couple times a
week this is some Perth to bite and I
also have some other types of calcium
and vitamin D I want to sprinkle that on
your insects like a couple times a week
it doesn't have to be every feeding but
a couple times a week
put
that I'm don't do it everyday it can be
too much but once or twice a week is
good sir
and also there's vegetables you can feed
all types of vegetables collard greens
lots of leafy greens mustard greens
dandelion greens kale bok choy don't
really feed iceberg lettuce but you can
feed a little bit of romaine lettuce
chopped up carrots you can feed some
fruits but fruits feed less often go
ahead and look up online with fruits are
good but there's lots of fruits that are
good but they're less often so I'm not
going to list them here you don't have
to feed any fruits but you can feed
fruits but sparingly vegetables are a
lot better than fruits like so like I
said like collard greens mustard greens
kale stuff like that it's great so again
turtles will look just fine on a
strictly turtle diet that you buy in the
store the turtle will live he'll be just
fine that being said you want to give a
variety because would you want to eat
the same thing every day so go ahead and
add in insects from time to time pretty
much any insect Billy like I said throw
in some I'll call these water insects
these crow I mean they're not insects
they're krill but uh you know throwing
some of that stuff some shrimp sometimes
and some fish and don't forget your
calcium like I said so it's really
simple what to feed Turtles it's really
not that hard at all basically start
with your staple diet and just throw in
some other things a couple times a week
to give them some variety so I hope this
helps have any questions let me know
happy pop keep them see you all later